why live at legacy at hibiscus park let
me show you our top 15 reasons number 15
business center with internet fax
machine and copy machine available seven
days a week number 14 24 hour fitness
center was dead equipment that works for
anyone's schedule number 13 come relax
in our resort style pool overlooking our
venetian-style 812 wash and vacuum your
vehicle in our covered car care center
this mindless inbound 24 hours a day
seven days a week number ten need extra
storage space or just want to keep your
car out of the Florida Sun least one of
our spacious garages with remote access
I'm tired dragging your trash to the
compactor we have to adore la Hache
service five days a week number eight
every apartment includes an intrusion
alarm that can be used while you're at
home or out of town number seven our
apartments are big as a house but we do
all the work split floor plans with
patios nine-foot ceilings ceiling fans
and even walk in closets are included in
all of our apartments
number six no more running to the
laundromat we have full-sized washer and
dryer connections in every apartment
number five legacy was built only two
and a half years ago with the most
up-to-date hurricane codes including
storm windows that can withstand 140
mile per hour winds number four fully
equipped open island kitchens which
include maple cabinets black GE
appliances with a built-in microwave
icemaker dishwasher pantry and ceramic
tile flooring moving as legacy because
for bed friendly local police officers
live on-site and can be reached on our
24-hour courtesy officer mark in the
number one reason location location
location we are only five minutes to the
two minutes I t in downtown melbourne
annulling one minute to shopping in
restaurants so come by today and see
what all the buzz is about and ask about
our great movement